Update Configuring.md (#3269)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.config-set.md

  FT.CONFIG SET option value
---

Set the value of a RediSearch configuration parameter.

Values set using `FT.CONFIG SET` are not persisted after server restart.

> RediSearch configuration parameters are detailed [here](/docs/stack/search/configuring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RediSearch configuration parameters are detailed in [Configuration parameters](/docs/stack/search/configuring).
```

> Note: As detailed in the link above, not all RediSearch configuration parameters can be set at run-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}
As detailed in the link above, not all RediSearch configuration parameters can be set at runtime.
{{% /alert %}}
```
